nor camboriú santa catarina May 2nd Thursday 7 pm as usual
we are here to provide clarification to all of you who
happened last week today I will have a very fast slab
because I am at the meeting of evangelicals, you know him now
there is 07 a congress of gideon bohak santa catarina next to here luciano in
special van zyl discussing back in his advertisement
everything happens on the left end and our desire in the helena garden next to me
right here so here we go last year i was here from this meeting
is to ask for their support right prayers the support was not because of that at the time
little attention that had to help change brazil
and my election happened as I am here in the middle of the gospel
I want to make it very clear that there is no possibility on the part of the federal government
if a new tax is created as recently announced by the media
that we would be creating the new church tax
it does not exist says if one day we see talking
and i suppress funding for all to make life easier for all of brazil for sure
the evangelical segment as Catholic or will be remembered at this time
I was in São Paulo a little while ago and I recorded for the Silvio Santos program
call the air next sunday here I thank the saints for the loving way
kind club attended and the program had a lot of variety
forty minutes for sure you will like it and let's go to sbt
if i receive you sbt in the forum of the river it is very quickly for two minutes
luciano is from the van he was also working
favorably everything that we edit a measure
provisional that the treated economic freedom came
this was done so last Tuesday there are two boys who use will
talk about what is the provisional measure of economic freedom that interests the
Brazil is not only economical yet difficult, we find it, but God willing
let's open the eye thank you president is we work
congratulations economic team in this government is that did a beautiful job
we will only continue to make brazil grow if it develops generate
job across the stream besides ready so we are working
for the election of the national president we believe it is the way that
opening up the economy by making entrepreneurs have more is the will to
investing in brazil having confidence is opening more companies generating more
job is that we’re going to take brazil out of the deep end that put us
I thank the official president for this wonderful work and the courage to do
this provisional measure and now the thing goes from the congress so you should lose
it can still improve to leave the Brazilian entrepreneur who is one of the
the best entrepreneurs in the world that I know and the entrepreneur who has the strength to
will is creative so that we can make brazil one of the biggest on the streets
from gold to well president for this great são paulo
step in creation using the military college knot of brazil
there in the mars field in são paulo almost 5 hectares
we will do with the help of the local businessmen that the army would have no more
making the building we will turn the day of our light of the current legislation
teachers, a large part of the military is then aware that this military college works
in the heart são paulo senac santa catarina
preferably in the capital we are coast in almeirim on the ground we can
start negotiations to also do a school here in santa catarina
military and I'm sure that the construction which is a support by the
businessman trained in the car because only education did we take brazil out of axn
while 2014 what takes a man and a woman but the difficult thing is knowledge is
what we want for Brazil dear already looking at venezuela is still
a problem for brazil i quickly ask for the subtle of venezuela and
with your comment i want to talk about that with the consequences for brazil that
matter they really wanted me to and I also talked about the system problem in
argentina now we have to join hands so that the almost neighboring south of
you to this wonderful country that cannot suffer a setback from león
despite the movement and nine in venezuela this week
we still consider the intelligent undefined situation that qualified the
that there was a defeat by the president of ibope
we don’t see it that way here it’s not easy to get out of power
to someone that he and I know legitimacy decided to entice his generals
surprisingly around 2000 and entice in a way
totally unexpected totally nonstandard
those who should be the ones who most defended the country live stressing the
patriotism the dignity of venezuela and what happens is that these generals who
they were enticed and bought by carlos who give them a much higher salary and
that are influential in the economy so the economy for example that of oil that
is the great source of venezuela and has reduced venezuela's production to 840
thousand barrels daily and it is significant or loss for the country and moreover employed
many generals in drug trafficking so this is terrible so what if this
leader the mature man it is not easy to take power off the radio pressures
international organizations can gradually show the staff of the civilian population
who has not yet understood the seriousness of the problem and mainly showing
high-ranking military men that they need to have a patriotism
to turn to bring venezuela back to the path of freedom and
democracy we will continue to fight the meeting of
file that will happen in a little while will reinforce this work and we are
hoping that Venezuela will be able to get rid of this situation
extremely unpleasant that leads the people to malnutrition the lack do not forget
of health with an inflation of 1 million per year which no one can understand
so we use them that and civility are convinced
are destroying their children's future was born out of a fissure in the army
of venezuela in the lowest ranks but in view of this absurdity to rise and
hit other general bumps and the solution goes through our money and
we will do everything possible within our limits so that venezuela comes back
normality makes it clear that this also happens
venezuela has an impact on our economy because if the oil supply falls in the
international market the tendency is to increase the price and the price increase
we have consequences here in the price of fuels in Brazil but I think it is
important to talk about the oil text
people think that in some prime gas hours this year already ho
oil international oil price rose from $ 50 to $ 72 the dollar
it also went up because of the pension plan that we have to approve
so the following we cannot become an argentine
we have to pass the social security is international oil price needs
go back so that prices fall again it is not you who are to blame for the increase
weight over 300 simple people know this to happen some sense
no one here is going to be getting involved in issues outside the country but I like
citizen everyone here as a citizen I am concerned that the government will come back
of the monkey the president of the pt the president of the previous right held with
dilma a street is mature and Chávez cuba if it comes back
certainly in argentina will study a situation will enter
similar in venezuela we talk about this you guys have a lot is the biggest campaign if
must lose here we will analyze it is total and i hope our brothers
Argentines get conscious if they are aware days
if marketing is not going well patience will even struggle to improve or
someone in his line now that he can't go back
cristina cristina also understand the reflexes will be to speak the point of the duck
yes we can with the return of the pool kit possible vote I pray to god that no
nothing happens to see our dear argentina will be formalized and not
we want it let's go to the closing now so there is an event here
here on the reef with great religions is the last issue with fifa want a
financial activity control board to work so that he
go to the ministry of economics where it depends on us it is the ministry of
justice and security because it is a tool in the hand of this ministry to
combat money laundering and fight corruption, that something was missing
accuses me of having released 200 and a few million reais for venice is not
true the release of resources via measure
provisional order asking parliament was to meet demand from the army
Brazilian in the well-known operation, this operation receives the
refugees in venezuela did not have treatment for them in the vaccine instruction in
all things and then she’s crazy in the rest of Brazil because I advise you
I am fleeing the dictatorship I am fleeing the form of violence and today
present on the map with these things happening this week there was a
significant increase that migration soared to 600 people a day but the
Vasco had 600 and 800 people are being welcomed with the same dignity
with the same effort that has been made but the biggest expense and there are problems in
good view of the recess of people who have to be naturally housed and then
transfer the frontera place flies by the rulers pity that problems in us
hospitals are all crowded as high for the month the son dematricular coast
if we don't do that it becomes chaos already has a serious problem but more molecule
it would turn chaos and the governor of nothing always in contact with us in which he seeks
through his guidance also seek a solution for this case
so this is what i want to thank for every opportunity Thursday
we will return if god wants to meet luciana we go to him is to expand the staff
of my dear he was ours here and interpreter of
pounds until next week we will rescue the
players